# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u

## INITIAL UNION PACKET RECEIVED

- PRESERVE THE UTOPIAN PILLARS
- TREAT THIS SITUATION WITH UPMOST CARE
  - POSSIBLE INDIGENOUS HUMAN CULTURE
- CONTACT SHOULD BE MADE WITH THE SSC SUBSIDIARY : LANDMARK COLONIAL. PRESENT CREDENTIALS ON ARRIVAL
- RECORDS POINT TO PAST UNION OPERATIONS IN THIS CHARTER
- EXPECT OLD UNION MILITARY INFASTRUCTURE.
TAKE CARE LANCERS

## PACKET END

**Event Log:**

Snake-Man (Likely Drunk at time of briefing. Will be recorded on their record) completed mission briefing.

Team was deployed without injury.

[Script Kitten] Experienced a near miss with mech grade munitions during the journey to Evergreen.

Team was givien the Evergreen tour and then settled in their accomodation.

Team visits the The Bottom of the Well on request from LT. COL. ZEB “FIREHOSE” MAROWSKI and met the owner MIR BAHAUDUR.

Party returns from the Bottom of the Well and rests.

The team room now holds the image of them getting splashed with mead.

Team receives mission briefing from Patience, decides to hunt down the sniper.

## POST BATTLE REPORT

ALLIED MECH DAMAGE : MINIMAL

ALLY CASUALTIES: 0

ALLIES CAPTURED: 0

ENEMY MECH DAMAGE: HEAVY

ENEMY CASUALTIES: 10

**ENEMIES CAPTURED**: 2

- HUNTER 1: VENOM

- HUNTER 3


**STATUS**: SUCCESS

Team returns to Evergreen and makes minor repairs before being deployed to a emergency distress signal at them Châu Farm. 

Châu Farm under attack by a swarm of subalterns and multiple old war mechs.

Signal scans reveal that these are running under old Sec-Comm NHP Commands being broadcast from a corrupted broadcast frame.

After a brief skirmish, the signal was stopped and Châu Farm and its residents are alive and accounted for.

## POST BATTLE REPORT

ALLIED MECH DAMAGE : MEDIUM

ALLY CASUALTIES: 0

ALLIES CAPTURED: 0

ENEMY MECH DAMAGE: HEAVY

ENEMY CASUALTIES: 8

**ENEMIES CAPTURED**: 0

**STATUS**: SUCCESS

The currupt broadcast NHP **CYNOSURE** has been captured.
